README.md, before:

[![FINOS - Incubating](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/finos/contrib-toolbox@master/images/badge-incubating.svg)](https://finosfoundation.atlassian.net/wiki/display/FINOS/Incubating)

# FINOS Legend Engine Operator

## Description

The Legend Operators package the core [FINOS Legend](https://legend.finos.org)
components for quick and easy deployment of a Legend stack.

This repository contains a [Juju](https://juju.is/) Charm for
deploying the Engine, the model-centric metadata server for Legend.

The full Legend solution can be installed with the dedicated
[Legend bundle](https://charmhub.io/finos-legend-bundle).


## Usage

The Engine Operator can be deployed by running:

```sh
$ juju deploy finos-legend-engine-k8s --channel=edge
```


## Relations

The standalone Engine will initially be blocked, and will require being later
related to the [Legend Database Operator](https://github.com/canonical/finos-legend-db-operator),
as well as the [Legend GitLab Integrator](https://github.com/canonical/finos-legend-gitlab-integrator).

```sh
$ juju deploy finos-legend-db-k8s finos-legend-gitlab-integrator-k8s
$ juju relate finos-legend-engine-k8s finos-legend-db-k8s
$ juju relate finos-legend-engine-k8s finos-legend-gitlab-integrator-k8s
# If relating to Legend Studio:
$ juju relate finos-legend-engine-k8s finos-legend-studio-k8s
```

## OCI Images

This charm by default uses the latest version of the
[finos/legend-engine-server](https://hub.docker.com/r/finos/legend-engine-server) image.

## Contributing

Visit Legend [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/finos/legend/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to Legend.

## License

Copyright (c) 2021-present, Canonical

Distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

SPDX-License-Identifier: [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

Commit message:

Adds documentation regarding the automatic Charm publishing action
After a PR merges, a new charm revision will be published on charmhub.io.
This job requires a CHARMCRAFT_TOKEN secret to be added to the project
with the permissions: package-manage, package-view-revisions.

Adds documentation regarding the necessary repository configuration for the
job to run properly.

Ref: https://github.com/canonical/charming-actions#usage

README.md, after:

[![FINOS - Incubating](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/finos/contrib-toolbox@master/images/badge-incubating.svg)](https://finosfoundation.atlassian.net/wiki/display/FINOS/Incubating)

# FINOS Legend Engine Operator

## Description

The Legend Operators package the core [FINOS Legend](https://legend.finos.org)
components for quick and easy deployment of a Legend stack.

This repository contains a [Juju](https://juju.is/) Charm for
deploying the Engine, the model-centric metadata server for Legend.

The full Legend solution can be installed with the dedicated
[Legend bundle](https://charmhub.io/finos-legend-bundle).


## Usage

The Engine Operator can be deployed by running:

```sh
$ juju deploy finos-legend-engine-k8s --channel=edge
```


## Relations

The standalone Engine will initially be blocked, and will require being later
related to the [Legend Database Operator](https://github.com/canonical/finos-legend-db-operator),
as well as the [Legend GitLab Integrator](https://github.com/canonical/finos-legend-gitlab-integrator).

```sh
$ juju deploy finos-legend-db-k8s finos-legend-gitlab-integrator-k8s
$ juju relate finos-legend-engine-k8s finos-legend-db-k8s
$ juju relate finos-legend-engine-k8s finos-legend-gitlab-integrator-k8s
# If relating to Legend Studio:
$ juju relate finos-legend-engine-k8s finos-legend-studio-k8s
```

## OCI Images

This charm by default uses the latest version of the
[finos/legend-engine-server](https://hub.docker.com/r/finos/legend-engine-server) image.

## Charm releases

This repository is configured to automatically build and publish a new Charm revision after a Pull Request merges. For more information, see [here](docs/CharmPublishing.md).

## Contributing

Visit Legend [Contribution Guide](https://github.com/finos/legend/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn how to contribute to Legend.

## License

Copyright (c) 2021-present, Canonical

Distributed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

SPDX-License-Identifier: [Apache-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
